More stepping stones on using arguments and functions: Intro to R, Seeking Help + Data Structures (#787)
swcarpentry/r-novice-gapminder: _episodes_rmd/04-data-structures-part1.Rmd

cats <- data.frame(coat = c("calico", "black", "tabby"),
                    weight = c(2.1, 5.0, 3.2),
                    likes_string = c(1, 0, 1))
```

> We can now save `cats` as a CSV file. Its good practice to call the argument 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can now save `cats` as a CSV file. It is good practice to call the argument 
```
